c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\bin\Debug\Mediplus.exe.config
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\bin\Debug\Mediplus.exe
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\bin\Debug\Mediplus.pdb
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.g.resources
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.exe
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.pdb
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\injectionProtected.g.cs
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\injectionVulnerable.g.cs
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\injectionProtected.baml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\injectionVulnerable.baml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\opening.g.cs
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\opening.baml
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\bin\Debug\Mediplus.exe.config
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.exe
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.pdb
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\bin\Debug\Mediplus.exe
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\bin\Debug\Mediplus.pdb
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\injectionProtected.g.cs
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\injectionVulnerable.g.cs
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\opening.g.cs
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus_MarkupCompile.cache
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus_MarkupCompile.lref
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\injectionProtected.baml
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\injectionVulnerable.baml
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\opening.baml
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.g.resources
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.Properties.Resources.resources
G:\My-Projects\Mediplus\Mediplus\obj\Debug\Mediplus.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
